go-sendxmpp(1) -- A little tool to send messages to an XMPP contact or MUC.
====

## SYNOPSIS

`go-sendxmpp` [-cdintx] [-f value] [--help] [-j value] [-m value] [-p value] [-r value] [-u value] [parameters ...]

## DESCRIPTION

A little tool to send messages to an XMPP contact or MUC inspired by (but not as powerful as) `sendxmpp`.    
You can either pipe a programs output to `go-sendxmpp`, write in your terminal (put `^D` in a new line to finish) or send the input from a file (`-m` or `--message`).    
The account data is expected at `~/.sendxmpprc` if no other configuration file location is specified with `-f` or `--file`.

## OPTIONS

* `-c`, `--chatroom`=[<value>]:
Send message to a chatroom.

* `-d`, `--debug`:
Show debugging info.

* `-f`, `--file`=[<value>]:
Set configuration file. (Default: ~/.sendxmpprc)

* `--help`:
Show help.

* `--http-upload=`[<value>]:
Send a file via http-upload.

* `-i`, `--interactive`:
Interactive mode (for use with e.g. `tail -f`).

* `-j`, `--jserver`=[<value>]:
XMPP server address.

* `-m`, `--message`=[<value>]:
Set file including the message.

* `-n`, `--no-tls-verify`:
Skip verification of TLS certificates (not recommended).

* `-p`, `--password`=[<value>]:
Password for XMPP account.

* `-r`, `--resource`=[<value>]:
Set resource. When sending to a chatroom this is used as
'alias'. (Default: go-sendxmpp)

* `-t`, `--tls`:
Use TLS.

* `-u`, `--username`=[<value>]:
Username for XMPP account.

* `-x`, `--start-tls`:
Use StartTLS.

## AUTHOR

Written by Martin Dosch.

## REPORTING BUGS


Report bugs at https://salsa.debian.org/mdosch/go-sendxmpp/issues

## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2018 - 2020 Martin Dosch
License: BSD 2-clause License

## SEE ALSO

go-sendxmpp(5), sendxmpp(1)
